Added support for GPG signing (#63)
actions/setup-java: README.md

        server-id: maven # Value of the distributionManagement/repository/id field of the pom.xml
        server-username: MAVEN_USERNAME # env variable for username in deploy
        server-password: MAVEN_CENTRAL_TOKEN # env variable for token in deploy
        gpg-private-key: ${{ secrets.MAVEN_GPG_PRIVATE_KEY }} # Value of the GPG private key to import
        gpg-passphrase: MAVEN_GPG_PASSPHRASE # env variable for GPG private key passphrase

    - name: Publish to Apache Maven Central
      run: mvn deploy
      env:
        MAVEN_USERNAME: maven_username123
        MAVEN_CENTRAL_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.MAVEN_CENTRAL_TOKEN }}
        MAVEN_GPG_PASSPHRASE: ${{ secrets.MAVEN_GPG_PASSPHRASE }}
```

> The two `settings.xml` files created from the above example look like the following.

Reviewer: Some extra info can be added here about the gpg file and the purpose of the post cleanup step.

  <servers>
    <server>
      <id>github</id>
      <username>${env.GITHUB_ACTOR}</username>
      <password>${env.GITHUB_TOKEN}</password>
    </server>
    <server>
      <id>gpg.passphrase</id>
      <passphrase>${env.GPG_PASSPHRASE}</passphrase>
    </server>
  </servers>
</settings>
```

`settings.xml` file created for the second deploy to Apache Maven Central
```xml
<settings xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/SETTINGS/1.0.0"
  xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/SETTINGS/1.0.0 https://maven.apache.org/xsd/settings-1.0.0.xsd">
  <servers>
    <server>
      <id>maven</id>
      <username>${env.MAVEN_USERNAME}</username>
      <password>${env.MAVEN_CENTRAL_TOKEN}</password>
    </server>
    <server>
      <id>gpg.passphrase</id>
      <passphrase>${env.MAVEN_GPG_PASSPHRASE}</passphrase>
    </server>
  </servers>
</settings>
```

***NOTE: The `settings.xml` file is created in the Actions $HOME directory. If you have an existing `settings.xml` file at that location, it will be overwritten. See below for using the `settings-path` to change your `settings.xml` file location.***

> If `gpg-private-key` and `gpg-passphrase` inputs are provided, the private key will be written to a file in the runner's temp directory, the private key file will be imported into the GPG keychain, and then the file will be promptly removed before proceeding with the rest of the setup process. A cleanup step will remove the imported private key from the GPG keychain after the job completes regardless of the job status. This ensures that the private key is no longer accessible on self-hosted runners and cannot "leak" between jobs (hosted runners are always clean instances).

Reviewer: 👍

> If `gpg-private-key` and `gpg-passphrase` inputs are provided, the private key will be written to a file in the runner's temp directory, the private key file will be imported into the GPG keychain, and then the file will be promptly removed before proceeding with the rest of the setup process. A cleanup step will remove the imported private key from the GPG keychain after the job completes regardless of the job status. This ensures that the private key is no longer accessible on self-hosted runners and cannot "leak" between jobs (hosted runners are always clean instances).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `gpg-private-key` input is provided, the private key will be written to a file in the runner's temp directory, the private key file will be imported into the GPG keychain, and then the file will be promptly removed before proceeding with the rest of the setup process. A cleanup step will remove the imported private key from the GPG keychain after the job completes regardless of the job status. This ensures that the private key is no longer accessible on self-hosted runners and cannot "leak" between jobs (hosted runners are always clean instances).
```

gpg-passphrase whether given or not, doesn’t decide how we store the private key
